take1.Use examples to explain the sorting algorthims.
ans:A Sorting Algorithm is used to arrange a given array 
    or list elements according to a comparision operator on the elements.
    The comparison operator is used to decide the new order of element in the respective
    data structure.
    
    	FOR EXAMPLE:The  below list of characters is sorted in increasing order of their ASCll values.
                     That is, the character with lesser ASCll value will be placed first than the character 
                     with higher ASCll valve.
            
            g e e k s f o r g e e k s =====> e e e e f g g k k o r s s
                   input                        output


2. What Are the  Benefits of Stacks?
ans.Benefits of stack
    * stack is easy to learn and implement for beginners.
    *stacks are  used  to solving problems that work on recursion.
     *In stack we can easily add or remove elements from stack.
     *it allows you to control how memory is allocated and deallocated.

3.what is difference between a stack and a queues?
ans:The primary difference between Stack and Queue Data Structure is that Stack follows LIFO 
     while Queue follows FIFO data structure type.
     *The process of inserting an element in the stack is known as the push operation.
     *The process of  inserting an element into a queue  is known as the enqueue operaton.

4.What are the different forms of queues?
ans:There are five different types of queues which are used in different scenarios 
    They are:
     1.circular Queue:Circular Queue is a linear data structure in which the operations are performed
                       based on FIFO PRINCIPLE and the last postion is connected back to the frist postion
                        to make a circle.
     2.INPUT RESTRICTED QUEUE:IN this type of Queue , the input can be taken from one side only and deletion of element
                              can be done from oth side. this kind of queue does not follow FIFO.
     3.OUTPUT RESTRICTED QUEUE: In this type of Queue,the input can taken from both sides and the deletion of the element
                                 can be done from only one side 
     4.DOUBLE ended Queue: Double Ended Queue is also a Queue  data structure in which the instertion and deletion 
                           operations are performed at both the ends.
     5.Priority Queue: A priority queue is a special type of queue in which each elements is associated with a priority .
                
5.Why should I use stack or Queue data structures instead of arrays or Lists,and when should i use them?
ans.use a queue when you want to get things out in the order that you  put them in. use a stack when 
    you want to get things out in the reverse order than you put them in.use a list when you want to 
    get anything out,regardless of when you put them in.

6.What is the significance of Stack  being a recursive data structutures?
ans.IN computer science ,recursion is a method of solving a computational
 problem where the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem.
 Recursion solves such recursive problems by using functions that call themselves from within their owncode.
    