1.Describe python's built-in data structure?
ans.Data structures are basically just that-they are structures which can hold some data together .
    In otherwords,they arare  e used to store a collection of realted data .
    There are four built -in data structures in python- lists, Dictionary, tuple,set.
    list: lists in python are one of the most versatile collection object types availble.
          The other two types are dictionaries and tuples ,but they are really more like 
           variations of lists.
           	lists can be used for any type of object, from numbers, and string to more lists.
    
    Dictionary:In python, dictionary is similar to hash or maps in other languages . 
                It consits of key value pairs.The value can be accessed by unique key in the 
                dictionary.
                keys are unique and immutable objects.


     Tuple:python tuples work exactly like python lists except they are immutable,they can't be 
           changed in place .they are normally written inside parentheses to distinguish them from
          lists(which use square brackets)



2.Describe  the Python user data structure?
ans.In computer science, a data structure is a logical way of organizing data in computer memory so that it can be used effectively
    A data structure allows data to be added, removed,stored,and maintained in structured manner.
    python supports two types of data structures:
    *non primitive data types 
     *primitive data types
     user defined data structures:data structures that aren't supported by python but can be programmed to reflect the same 
     functionality using concepts supported by data structure that can implemted
     linked list
     stack
     queue
     tree
    graph


3.Describe the stages involved in writing an algorthim?
ans.Three main stages are involved in creating an algorthim: data input, data processing,and results output. The order 
    is specific cannot be changed.
    
    consider a computer program that finds the average value of three numbers.
     First the program must prompt the  user to enter the numbers(Data input).
      next the program calculates the average values of the numbers(data processing).
     finally,the program displays the result on the computer's screen(result output).


4.Outline the components of good algorthim?
ans.Delay:
    This is used to buffer a signal so you  can time algin it to some other operation .
     for example ,if you average nine samples and you want to subtract the average from 
     the original singal, you can use a delay of five samples of the original so you can
     use values that are itself plus the four samples before and four samples after.
    
    Attenuate:
         	Attenuation is a simple but useful operation that can scale a singal down before it is
                amplifed in some fashion with filtering or some other operation that add gain to the signal.
                Typically attenuation is measured in decibles (dB).

    Sliding Window Average:
                           sliding Window AVerage is a Technique of calculting a continous average of the incoming signal over a 
                           given window of samples.

    Rectify: This is a very simple concept which is to change the sign of the values to all positive or all negative so they are additive.
             in this case i used rectification to change all values to positive.
    

     compression: In the DSP world compression is typically defined as compressing the amplitudes to keep them in a close range.
     
    FIR Filter:finte impluse Response(FIR) is a digital filter that is implemented via a number of taps,each with its assigned polymial coefficient.
               the number of taps is know as the filter's order

5.Describe the Tree traversal method?
ans.Tree traversal means visting each node of the tree. the tree is a non linear data structure , and there fore  its traversal is different 
     from other linear data structures .There is only one way to visit each node /element in linear data structures, i.e.starting from the first 
    value and traversing in a linear order .

6.Explain the difference between inorder and postorder tree traversal?
ans.IN a binary tree, inorder traversal the order of traversing the nodes is:
    Left node->root->rightnode
    postordertraversal
    Left node->rightnode->rootnode